---
title: F.A.Q.
abstract: Why Hakyll? Why Courier New? How to replicate? And some other questions asnwered here.
author: Me
important: really
---

1. **Why Hakyll?**

Well, I believe that one day I will write my own static site generator, but until
that moment I have to use some tools written by other people. [Hakyll](https://jaspervdj.be/hakyll/) 
is [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com) made and configured with Haskell obviously.
I thought that is a great chance to practice some Haskell; however, I changed
default configuration very slightly.

2. **Why Courier New?**

I understand that is difficult sometimes to ready long texts with this font.
I wanted to use Roboto Mono as I always do, but I accidentally decided to try
Courier New and really loved it from the very first character.

3. **How to replicate this design?**

All the sources can be found [here](https://github.com/m8dotpie/m8blog).

What I have done to create this blog?

    - Generated Hakyll template site
    - Changed navigation bar to responsive one (just copy-pasted from guide)
    - Changed color of navigation bar to stylish black
    - Polished some colors, margins, sizes and paddings
    - Changed index.html to main blog list
    - Made some modifications like "important" posts and etc

The most difficult part was to make Hakyll work on Mac. One of packages
relied on standard frameworks like Cocoa and etc; however, on MacOS 11 (Big Sure)
there is a problem accessing them. So there is no way to use it with haskell stack 
package manager (unless you comment packages it can't compile). The only way
is cabal package manager.

4. **Some other questions answered here.**
